[docs-only] Add documentation for running e2e tests on keycloak (#10968)
owncloud/web: docs/testing/testing.md

```bash
node tests/e2e/cucumber/report --help
```

> ### E2E Tests On oCIS With Keycloak

Reviewer: Please, use https://capitalizemytitle.com/

> ### E2E Tests On oCIS With Keycloak

Reviewer: or https://headlinecapitalization.com/

> ### E2E Tests On oCIS With Keycloak

Reviewer: https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/pull/6346#discussion_r1198560101
Martin prefers https://headlinecapitalization.com/

> oCIS has [drone](https://github.com/owncloud/web/blob/master/.drone.star#L1855) set up to run e2e tests on keycloak setup. To run tests against oCIS with keycloak locally, please follow below steps: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can run some of the e2e tests on oCIS setup with Keycloak as an external idp. To run tests against locally, please follow the steps below:
```

#### Run oCIS With Keycloak

> Owncloud provide documentation to serve [oCIS with Keycloak](https://owncloud.dev/ocis/deployment/ocis_keycloak/). Please follow each step to serve **oCIS with Keycloak**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's a documentation to serve [oCIS with Keycloak](https://owncloud.dev/ocis/deployment/ocis_keycloak/). Please follow each step to run **oCIS with Keycloak**.
```

#### Run E2E Tests
```bash
KEYCLOAK=true \
BASE_URL_OCIS=ocis.owncloud.test \
pnpm run test:e2e:cucumber tests/e2e/cucumber/features/journeys
```

> Following environment variable come in use while running e2e tests on oCIS with Keycloak:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following environment variables come in use while running e2e tests on oCIS with Keycloak:
```

> - `BASE_URL_OCIS` sets oCIS url
> - `KEYCLOAK_HOST` sets Keycloak url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `BASE_URL_OCIS` sets oCIS url (e.g.: ocis.owncloud.test)
- `KEYCLOAK_HOST` sets Keycloak url (e.g.: keycloak.owncloud.test)
```

> - `KEYCLOAK=true` uses Keycloak endpoint for api requests (user creation/deletion, role assignment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `KEYCLOAK=true` runs the tests with Keycloak
```

> - `KEYCLOAK_REALM` sets oCIS realm name used on Keycloak to tests environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `KEYCLOAK_REALM` sets oCIS realm name used on Keycloak
```
